Adapt regionsupportingmachines prod (#2153)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/contributor/03-50-regions-supporting-machine.md

|      `m8g`       | `ap-northeast-1` |      `[a, b]`       |  `[a, b, c]`   |  true  |     Error message saying that machine type is not available in 3 zones     |
|      `m8g`       | `ap-northeast-1` |      `[a, b]`       |  `[a, b, c]`   | false  |   Worker node pool provisioned in a single random zone, for example, `a`   |

> The **regionsSupportingMachine** is a part of providersConfiguration and it can be defined for every provider, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **regionsSupportingMachine** is a part of **providersConfiguration**, and you can define it for every provider. For example:
```
